Qin Daoyuan, why are you here?
Well, this isn't some old card. Go out
How about yours?
I threw it away too
Know?
I have a little grudge with them
You solve it yourself
Do not enter the banner of Feilong Martial Arts Hall
You are pressing
Hey, what you want, what you want
By the way, your good days are coming to an end
I'm afraid you forgot to give it to the big eater.
Licking shoes and eating paper
Do you want me to help you recall the memories?
Little girl movie
Do you still have the heart to jump mountains and want water?
I can tell you
I have invited three major landscape experts and Chinese collective grandmasters
Strong humph
Today's call to blood
Your brats are here for the time being
How dare you buy books to kill people?
You can eat rice indiscriminately, but you can't talk nonsense.
I didn't say I bought books to kill people.
Ah yes, the sword has no eyes
Then you brats
Don't bump yourself into someone else's knife edge
Then you can't blame me.
Does Miss Chu have a way to complete this ultimate bloody battle?
He must have come for Defeat King
Once the ultimate bloodbath begins
Valkyrie to a radius of 300 miles
Haha, that's right.
Wait a minute.
You see
Look at the way he opens the altar rags
cockroach